Express template (#176)
seek-oss/skuba: README.md

  A REST [resource API] built on the [Koa] web framework and deployed with [Gantry].

  - `express-rest-api`

>   A Plain Express framework and deployed with [Gantry].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A REST [resource API] built on the [Express] web framework and deployed with [Gantry].
```

[semantic-release]: https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release/
[serverless]: https://serverless.com/
[worker]: https://tech-strategy.ssod.skinfra.xyz/docs/v1/components.html#worker

> [expressjs]: https://expressjs.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[express]: https://expressjs.com/
```
